Feature/add scale switcher (#144)
Dataport/polar: packages/plugins/Scale/README.md

## Configuration

### scale

| fieldName | type | description |
| - | - | - |
| showScaleSwitcher | boolean? | If set to `true`, a button to switch to a specific scale will be rendered. Defaults to `false`. Requires the configuration parameter `options` set in the `mapConfiguration`, see `<...masterportalAPI.fields>` in the `@polar/core` package documentation for more information. Also requires the parameter `zoomMethod` to be configured. |

> | zoomMethod | string? | Path to the action that is used for the zoom of the scale switcher. Has to take `zoomLevel` as payload. Must be configured for the scale switcher, otherwise it will not be rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| zoomMethod | string? | Path to the action that is used for the zoom of the scale switcher. Has to take `zoomLevel` as payload. Must be configured for the scale switcher, otherwise it will not be rendered. |
```

## Configuration

For details on the `displayComponent` attribute, refer to the [Global Plugin Parameters](../../core/README.md#global-plugin-parameters) section of `@polar/core`.

| fieldName | type | description |
| - | - | - |

> | showScaleSwitcher | boolean? | If set to `true`, a button to switch to a specific scale will be rendered. Defaults to `false`. Requires the configuration parameter `options` set in the `mapConfiguration`, see `<...masterportalAPI.fields>` in the `@polar/core` package documentation for more information. Needs the Zoom Plugin to work, so make sure that it is added in addPlugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| showScaleSwitcher | boolean? | If set to `true`, a button to switch to a specific scale will be rendered. Defaults to `false`. Requires the configuration parameter `options` set in the `mapConfiguration`, see `<...masterportalAPI.fields>` in the `@polar/core` package documentation for more information. Also requires the `@polar/plugin-zoom` to be installed and used. |
```
Slight wording change and syntax fix

## Configuration

> For details on the `displayComponent` attribute, refer to the [Global Plugin Parameters](../../core/README.md#global-plugin-parameters) section of `@polar/core`.

Reviewer: In other plugins this is written below the table. Mind moving it there as well? :)

Author: https://github.com/Dataport/polar/pull/144/commits/bc9722477d4861bf26bbcffd160703a529e286cc

| fieldName | type | description |
| - | - | - |
| showScaleSwitcher | boolean? | If set to `true`, a button to switch to a specific scale will be rendered. Defaults to `false`. Requires the configuration parameter `options` set in the `mapConfiguration`, see `<...masterportalAPI.fields>` in the `@polar/core` package documentation for more information. Also requires the parameter `zoomMethod` to be configured. |

> | zoomMethod | string? | Path to the action that is used for the zoom of the scale switcher. Has to take zoomLevel als payload. Must be configured for the scale switcher, otherwise it will not be rendered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| zoomMethod | string? | Path to the action that is used for the zoom of the scale switcher. Has to take `zoomLevel ` as payload. Must be configured for the scale switcher, otherwise it will not be rendered.
```
